Updating RFC for configs merging (#56)
giantswarm/rfc: merging-configmaps-gitops/README.md

Our app platform offers a layered configuration approach already which we can utilize to enable us here.

An app CR has three fields where configuration can be supplied, out of which two can be used for providing user
configuration:

```yaml
apiVersion: application.giantswarm.io/v1alpha1
kind: App
metadata:
  name: something
  namespace: org-some
spec:
  # config:
  #   configMap:
  #     name: mycluster-cluster-values
  #     namespace: org-some
  extraConfigs:
    - kind: configMap
      name: flux01-extra-config
      namespace: org-some
      # priority: 25 by default
  userConfig:
    configMap:
      name: flux01-userconfig
      namespace: org-some
```

**The `.spec.config` should be used with caution. It should either be set explicitly to the `<CLUSTER_NAME>-cluster-values`,
or should be left empty to be later populated by either `app-admission-controller`, upon submission, or `app-operator`, upon

> reconciliation. Using this field to provide other values may result in underconfiguring certain apps.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reconciliation. Using this field to provide other values may result in the mis-configuration of certain apps.**
```

> The values coming from these fields are merged based on the priority, see the [App Platform configuration](https://docs.giantswarm.io/developer-platform/app-platform/app-configuration/). Both, the `.spec.config` and `.spec.userConfig`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The values coming from these fields are merged based on their priority, see the [App Platform configuration](https://docs.giantswarm.io/developer-platform/app-platform/app-configuration/). Both, the `.spec.config` and `.spec.userConfig`,
```
